Update data-lake-storage-access-control.md (#124245)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-access-control.md

> [!NOTE]

> > ACLs apply only to security principals in the same tenant, and they don't apply to users who use Shared Key or shared access signature (SAS) token authentication. That's because no identity is associated with the caller and therefore security principal permission-based authorization cannot be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ACLs apply only to security principals in the same tenant. ACLs don't apply to users who use Shared Key authorization because no identity is associated with the caller and therefore security principal permission-based authorization cannot be performed. The same is true for shared access signature (SAS) tokens except when a user delegated SAS token is used. In that case, Azure Storage performs a POSIX ACL check against the object ID before it authorizes the operation as long as the optional parameter suoid is used. To learn more, see [Construct a user delegation SAS](/rest/api/storageservices/create-user-delegation-sas#construct-a-user-delegation-sas).
```

> > Azure Storage performs a POSIX ACL check against the object ID before it authorizes the operation only if the user delegation SAS token is used with an optional parameter `suoid` for HNS enabled storage accounts as documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/create-user-delegation-sas#:~:text=Specifies%20the%20object%20ID%20for%20a%20Microsoft%20Entra%20security%20principal%20when%20a%20hierarchical%20namespace%20is%20enabled.%20Azure%20Storage%20performs%20a%20POSIX%20ACL%20check%20against%20the%20object%20ID%20before%20it%20authorizes%20the%20operation).

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this entire paragraph to better integrate your contribution? So perhaps...

"ACLs apply only to security principals in the same tenant. ACLs don't apply to users who use Shared Key authorization because no identity is associated with the caller and therefore security principal permission-based authorization cannot be performed. The same is true for shared access signature (SAS) tokens except when a user delegated SAS token is used. In that case, Azure Storage performs a POSIX ACL check against the object ID before it authorizes the operation as long as the optional parameter `suoid` is used. To learn more, see [Construct a user delegation SAS](/rest/api/storageservices/create-user-delegation-sas#construct-a-user-delegation-sas)."

Author: Thanks for rewording. The re-written content looks good.

> > Azure Storage performs a POSIX ACL check against the object ID before it authorizes the operation only if the user delegation SAS token is used with an optional parameter `suoid` for HNS enabled storage accounts as documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/create-user-delegation-sas#:~:text=Specifies%20the%20object%20ID%20for%20a%20Microsoft%20Entra%20security%20principal%20when%20a%20hierarchical%20namespace%20is%20enabled.%20Azure%20Storage%20performs%20a%20POSIX%20ACL%20check%20against%20the%20object%20ID%20before%20it%20authorizes%20the%20operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
